https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stevendolike/xrayvless/refs/heads/main/Loon/plugin/cookies.plugin, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stevendolike/xrayvless/refs/heads/main/Loon/plugin/StartUpAds.plugin, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ClydeTime/BiliBili/main/modules/BiliBiliDailyBonus.plugin, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/AppleWeatherEnhancer.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Bilibili_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/YouTube_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stevendolike/xrayvless/refs/heads/main/Loon/plugin/CamScanner.plugin, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stevendolike/xrayvless/refs/heads/main/Loon/plugin/lanjiyin.plugin, tag=蓝基因去广告, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/12306_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/AliYunDrive_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Amap_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/BaiduSearchWebpage_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/FleaMarket_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/iMaiCai_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/iQiYi_Video_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/JD_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/JiaKaoBaoDian_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Keep_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/KuaiShou_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Line_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/MangoTV_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/MeetYou_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/MeiTu_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/MeituMYXJ_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/NeteaseCloudMusic_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/PinDuoDuo_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/QuarkBrowser_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Reddit_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/RedPaper_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/SnowCamera_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Spotify_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Taobao_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Tencent_Video_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Weixin_external_links_unlock.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Weixin_Official_Accounts_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/WexinMiniPrograms_Remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/WutaCamera_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/XiaoCan_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/YouKu_Video_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Zhihu_remove_ads.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/LoonGallery.lpx, policy=Final, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Block_HTTPDNS.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/BlockAdvertisers.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Remove_ads_by_keli.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/QuickSearch.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Prevent_DNS_Leaks.lpx, policy=Final, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Node_detection_tool.lpx, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/TestFlightRegionUnlock.lpx, policy=DIRECT, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/BoxJs.lpx, policy=Final, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Sub-Store.lpx, policy=Final, enabled=true
https://kelee.one/Tool/Loon/Lpx/Script-Hub.lpx, policy=Final, enabled=true
